[Music]
all right let's get you plugged in with
E or is it wifey why don't we just go in
and we are online
cool
we are going to the super excited
is one minor thing what is the internet
holy cow look at all this stuff really
in these 10 child stars went to prison
number six will amaze you
redirecting to ebay ladies and gentlemen
the next item up a black velvet painting
of a sorrowful kitten it's like it's
looking into my soul yeah that one's
really gonna haunt me for a while
[Music]
Thank You Lucy
good see I don't understand why people
like this game raised in milkshake let's
speed it up pick it pick it the kitty
for a little while
no the kitty gets the milk shake the
bunny okay
[Music]